SCRIPT STARTS HERE

<Footage of someone hiking with a phone in hand>
Hiker throughout entire video
A1
Actifit is an innovative distributed app for your mobile device that rewards you for being active! 
<full screen of hiker walking with phone on arm>

A2
As you take part in various kinds of physical exercise, such as walking, aerobics, and jogging, Actifit records your physical activities. 
<full screen of hiker walking with phone on arm>

A3
At the end of the day you post your accomplishments to your Steemit blog using the app and Actifit rewards you with tokens based on the amount exercise you have completed, as well as a Steem upvote for your post.

A4
Yes, a mobile app that aims to get people more healthy while earning dual rewards: Steem upvotes and Actifit’s AFIT tokens, which is one of the first Smart Media Token to be launched on the Steem blockchain.. 


Active users are rewarded with AFIT tokens according to the amount of activity they have engaged in throughout the day, with the min of 5,000 recorded activity, and a maximum of 10,000

A5
Actifit is currently available for Android mobile devices and can be downloaded from the Google Play Store.
<video of the app being found on Play Store>

A6
Once you have installed Actifit and logged in using Steemit account information you will find that Actifit is simple to use. 
<show an image of the account info window in the app>

<Main Menu>

A7
At the top of the main screen you will see today’s Total Activity count . 

A8
This is a record of the steps or movements you have taken today. 

A9
As you exercise you will see this number increase. 
<show the number increasing>

A10
Below that you will see “Post to Steemit.” button. This is how you publish your daily activity report to your Steemit blog. We will get into more details on posting shortly. 

A11
“View Tracking History” lets you review your past daily activity records. 

A12
“View Daily Leaderboard” shows the Actifit users from around the world who have completed the most steps so far today. 

A13
“View Wallet” lets you review the current number of Actifit Tokens you own. We will look closely at how to use your wallet shortly.

A14
“Settings” is where you go to customize the app for your own specific needs. 

POSTING

A15
Posting your daily activity result is very easy with Actifit. From the main menu, press “Post to Steemit.”

<Show screen capture video of the tasks below being completed>

A16
In the posting window you enter your steemit username and your private posting key

A17
Actifit will create a title for your post, which you can also edit yourself

A18
Choose one or more types of activity you have been doing throughout the day. 

A19
You have the option to include a variety of physical information such as your height and weight, but this is optional. 

A20
Choose up to 5 tags for your post. Actifit tag gets added automatically so no need to add it again.

A21
Lastly you need to write at least 30 words describing the activities you were engaged in throughout the day. 

A22
This description is important as it proves that you are a legitimate user of the app and not a robot pretending to exercise throughout the day. 

A23
Once you have your post completed you need to press “Post to Steemit” at the bottom of the window to publish it to the blockchain and be eligible for your Actifit rewards. 

REWARDING

A24
Once you have submitted your post to Steemit using the Actifit app you can be rewarded in two ways. 

A25
First, your post will be upvoted by the Actifit Steemit account with an upvote percentage based on the amount of exercise you have completed for that day, as well as the total number of contributions submitted during the day. 
<It would be good if we could show this percentage as examples of current posts. Maybe 3 or 4>

A26
Second, Actifit will reward you with AFIT tokens based on the amount of exercise you have completed.  
<Show the breakdown of how much AFIT is rewarded base on the number of steps>
Count    Actifit Reward
5,000 to 5,999    20 tokens
6,000 to 6,999    35 tokens
7,000 to 7,999    50 tokens
8,000 to 8,999    65 tokens
9,000 to 9,999    80 tokens
10,000 and above    100 tokens

A27
You can check to see how many AFIT tokens you have by pressing the “View Wallet” button on the app’s main menu. 
<Show this process>

A28
In the wallet you will see your total balance as well as your transaction history. 
<Show this window and scroll through the transactions>

A29
There are other ways to be part of the Actifit community and receive rewards. 

A30
Actifit Supporters who delegate steem power to Actifit help increase the Steem rewards for other Actifitters and get rewarded with daily tokens as well. 

A31
These early birds receive a 1:1 match daily for their delegated amount, so a 1,000 SP delegator receives 1,000 tokens per day, as well as a portion of beneficiary rewards from Actifit posts. 

A32
The daily reward is limited to 100K Tokens, so early birds are getting more tokens per day.
<Show the delegation process>

A33
Upvoting Actifit posts also rewards upvoters with 1 token per upvote.
<Show upvoting process>

A34
So come join the Actifit community. Track of your daily activities, post them to the Steem blockchain and be rewarded in both STEEM and the Actifit AFIT token. 

A35
The Actifit fitness tracker - Reach your goals. 



END OF SCRIPT
